summer is a time for excitement so go
ahead and switch things up with a new
recipe from hellofresh with pre-measured
ingredients and easy to follow
directions it has never been easier to
try something new get 14 free meals
including free shipping with code face
14 at hellofresh.com
face 14.
[Music]
are there any boy bands where the lead
is the most talented i mean i think i
would think in sync you think no
no yeah justin timberlake was not the
lead in nsync he was the side guy he was
like
i'm sorry
what the
lead you're out of your [__] mind
dude yeah i uh i don't think you lived
through it like i had to are you what do
you think like jc chazy
i'm not saying popularity i'm saying
that like the structure of the group he
was not the captain of the team he was
the all-star i don't uh was his name jc
jason
was not the lead in nsync he was he was
the captain of the team no absolutely no
absolutely not every photo you see he's
the captain he's the leading guy you
don't think he has leading vibes he is
leading vibes he's not the most talented
he's the leader that doesn't have
leading vibes i mean like he had like a
solo career and where did that go
terrible that's what i'm saying i've i
just searched pictures of nsync and
there are so many pictures where he is
not the center guy but justin timberlake
is you're out of your [__] first one
i pulled up he's the center guy i don't
know what you're talking you're out of
your [__]
mind when he's not okay that one he's
not maybe with time this change you're
ridic this is right just
this is my episode
episode 63 yeah all yours
uh well where how do you follow that up
you guys came in hot with the who was
the lead of in sync fight
and i just stood back and let it happen
because i got no dog in that hunt
who was the lead of instinct gavin let
me guess andrew was way off uh
[Laughter]
maybe i was i i thought the other guy
was the lead i'll be honest i don't know
anyone else's name from that band okay
although there's the other guy who
according to andrew is the head of nsync
backstreet boys were way bigger were
they
for a time definitely no
backstreet boys are an international
sensation you don't think n sync was an
international sensation they both are
not not to the same extent the coolest
thing about the backstreet boys was
getting an album from burger king as a
kid i don't i don't remember what the
promotion was exactly but you could get
an album from a drive-through at burger
king it was fantastic did you get that
time of course i did
i gotta say i'm gonna i'm gonna step
back again and i'm gonna defer to your
expertise here gav because i never had i
was never into nsync or backstreet boys
i didn't have the posters on the wall
like you so i obviously
as i think you're a card-carrying member
of both fan clubs i understand that you
know uh those two uh entities better
than i so uh yeah hats off to you sir oh
thanks yeah uh big time fan of both
what is this jc i'm just dropping it you
do a google search of who is the lead in
sync it's the top thing that comes up i
don't think i'm crazy in my take that
johnny oh so was the lead of the band
was timberlake like
backup yeah he was like a side player um
he eventually became the king
is this [__] hang on
read what it says read that out loud
yeah i'll read it i'll read it out loud
along with justin jc chazza's with the
lead singer of instinct i think the
justin thing came later though i think
that was the thing he was so talented
became co-lead i don't think he was
always lead based on some of the music
videos and the photos why does it say
i'm the only member of the band to
achieve solo success exactly well
because that was accurate that's just a
fact
it's also accurate but isn't that
talking about justin yeah well the
phrasing of that sentence is terrible
then along with justin jc chazy was the
lead singer of nsync oh yeah you're
right that's a terribly written thing jc
chazza's is not the only one to achieve
solo's success in music how i can you
say his last name a few more times i'm
really enjoying it
chazez chaz
no yeah that's great that's great
eric eric has said it for you about 10
times in the last three minutes i like
your pronunciation no go ahead you say
say it again eric i want to hear it it
is jc chazay chazy that's that's what
that's your name i also love that below
that little snippet there's a bbc
article that's headlined what happened
to ensign members who aren't justin
timberlake
that's part of the article
what episode is this my friends uh 63 i
believe
it's 63 and it's gonna be a good one
boys i'm very excited jeff's been away
yeah in a foreign land and
i haven't really spoken to him
at all since he's been back just just
been having jeff you've been sending us
the most
interesting updates without any of the
information and i've i honestly i've
been excited about recording all damn
day okay i here's what i have a i wrote
some bullet points
i i have a i have a recommended order
but i'll just read them off okay number
one thing i want to talk about uh this
is just i'll just write down what i
wrote or what i'll say what i wrote man
hands
here's the next one open water here's
the next one
backpack
here's the next one this is from today
purple nightmare
yeah it sure was it's followed you home
the most recent one which i sent to you
guys about an hour ago two hours ago
which was just this one just says
regulation fart
and then i have a space for uh my
queries and insights which i don't know
that we'll get through this episode but
we're recording too
uh we're recording too
uh because i think you're going to a
foreign land gavin so we need to prepare
for that yeah oh uh well and and then uh
whatever you want to talk about gavin
and whatever you want to talk about
andrew because it is uh it's a quorum
goddamn i feel like i just want to
listen yeah i'm really excited you
you texted me over a week ago at this
point
boy do i have an ocean rescue story for
you
nothing else
and it's just has left me time to just
admit i don't know what's happening i
don't know if you're being rescued i
hope and my heart of heart my dream is
that you
went on a jet ski expedition and it went
horribly wrong that required rescue
before we hit jeff's stuff the i have a
list of stuff but i think the only thing
that i kind of want to
touch on is the stuff that just links us
from previous episodes and it's super
cool
what i liked is that because everyone
was drawing the layout of your room
andrew a lot of people a lot of the
comment leavers uh drew some very
accurate
stuff but then when we when that episode
came out we posted the video that you
took where you were just sort of 360
degrees
filming around the room and i noticed a
really bizarre line of thought across so
many individual comment levers a lot of
people
were blown away at how bright your room
was they were like wow it's so much
brighter than i imagined oh weird it's
like it's really bright and i've
realized
everyone has been imagining you in this
dingy dark little room as if you record
every podcast in the dark and i don't
know
how that sort of infiltrated their minds
but there are so many comments that are
like wow that's just like a normal room
like you film like you record from some
hole in the ground yeah as if yeah if
they expected it to be something other
than human
exactly well so to a certain level i'm
insulted but on the second point
i agree my room is way too goddamn
bright i don't have like a proper
curtain for my big window for what they
put in
so during the day it's a [__] it's so
bright in here it's terrible even at
night it's not great so beyond the
insult i i agree with them my room is
way too bright i don't think they were
saying it should be darker no but
they're just saying they're pointing out
how bright it is i guess your statement
is that they're doing it in contrast to
their expectation or i'm just saying as
a general room my room is brighter than
most bedrooms i'd say with the curtains
down
it's an ineffective curtain why'd you
want to be in a dark room i just like
when you wake up in the mornings [__]
the sun's blasting me in the face every
morning i don't like it no
no i want the choice to do that i want
to go over to the curtain and blast
myself i don't want the sun just
blasting me whenever it feels like
that's totally achievable though just
how would i do that blackout blind or
something yeah i need to do work i need
to set that up i'm saying the blinds
that came with the place are not
functional in that way i'd have to
modify it you know who can help is
amazon can they yeah you buy curtains on
amazon well no but i have to install the
curtains then it's not like i i need a
curtain rod i need to get a screwdriver
i need a ladder
we're talking several steps here i feel
like there's very little that you
can't do with a a drill and a
just a drill really just in some bits
yeah some screwdriver bits you think i
could do that job with a screwdriver yes
a chair is a ladder a desk is a ladder
a screwdriver and you've got to have a
screwdriver in your house oh i
definitely do but i feel like i need to
mount something to the wall this is a
very specific setup these windows maybe
a little pilot hole get get the drills
in there the the
certainly make it easier on you it would
i mean i could take a photo right now if
you want i mean this is a i can't i'd
have to go above the window the way it's
a poorly designed thing
i'll never turn down an opportunity to
get a photo from you to be honest i'll
turn around take a photo
i mean i figured you guys would feel the
time
literally anything that was my cue too
i'm gonna need a minute you guys fill
hey how's it going whistling now you
don't need to i've missed you jeff i've
missed you as well we still haven't
filmed the
the super badass bike stunt yet
unfortunately what are you doing
tomorrow uh
i have a shitload of meetings tomorrow
unfortunately
what are you doing saturday
saturday let's do it okay let's oh
that's a nice that's a nice bright
window oh lovely oh you know what you
could do
you could just uh you could pop that
roller thing out and just put a darker
one in like a thicker one you don't have
to use any tools for that could i yeah
just measure the size look into like i'm
not good at measuring i'm a bad
measuring person i'm not a measuring guy
i'm really bad at guessing length you
don't have to guess that's why you
measure you don't have to guess i know i
don't trust myself measuring takes the
guessing out
measuring is the anti-guessing dude come
on it's it's a tough thing especially
when dealing with like people in other
countries trying to explain things very
difficult i'm not good at it as far as
what you're getting live advice from a
foreign country
if i'm trying to like explain to
somebody
how
i don't know how tall something is or
long i try to think of like objects they
would see
or you could just use the measurement
you could just do just say 75 inches are
you trying to relate more clothes are
you like talking to french people in in
baguettes like what do you mean
okay so like one of the measurements i
don't know
peter dinklage is somebody i've used in
the past
yeah just like a dinklage
so like i learned a dink so peter
dinklage is one point two yards
so like whenever
stop it one point two or more
well no it's just okay so now i'm a big
football i love football every time it's
like third and one now in my head it's
third in a dinklage and it's just i
don't know it's a fun visual they need
to move the ball but no one knows
exactly how to be a dinklage is just off
in their head nobody has that
information no but if somebody said like
how tall is my mini fridge i'd assume
it's about the same height as peter
dinklage and i don't know what the
height of my fridge is but i could say
it's around the height of peter dinklage
and they would know cause they've seen
peter dinklage i would i would love to
see a measuring tape that just measures
and dinklages
tinklages is my main measurement that's
easier to get a tape measure that's
easier like oh yeah peter did clinch can
you come over and stand under this
cabinet honestly if they don't know how
long a foot is what good is it even if i
have the exact measurement because it's
numbers if i was like how tall is your
house you'd be like it's one minute bowl
a lebron james and the rock
i would say it's uh probably like the
third story of a hotel two stories of a
hotel maybe i don't know i'd compare it
to like a thing that everyone's seen i
need to understand that in dinklage i'm
sorry
this is i don't know this is coming from
the man who who told me to put an eighth
of a teaspoon of pineapple juice in my
sauce
that was just me saying stuff
not good at it i'm not good at it i like
that you
you then went to actually put a value to
peter dinklage in terms of measurement
and you did it in the arts i did well
because i was thinking within a football
context was having this conversation of
like if you were gonna move the ball of
peter dinklage how far would it be
and it was 1.3 or 1.2 yards i believe oh
man yeah well i i understand the problem
now there's no there's no easy solution
for you to get blinds it's just going to
be bright for the rest of your life well
no it's there are tons of solutions they
just require me to do some research and
i haven't done it yet
ordering a dinklage of blinds you're
working in a vaccine lab or something oh
my god i mean all i need to do is cover
my eyes with a pillow that's my
technique i just bring the pillow over
the face and we're fine darkens out the
whole room
it's perfect i can't see anything it's
comfy i feel like i'm a little i'm
trapped a little a little enclosed it's
great
oh
god damn i did not expect to hear that
today no i'm just talking about
distances i used to think a foot was the
size of my foot i'd use my foot to
measure feet not an accurate
representation although it might be how
many dink glitches per hour does a plane
fly it
i don't i haven't expanded beyond a
football scenario but that's a great
question you don't know dph
no i don't i don't know dick glitch per
hour i think that just per hour is not a
measurement that uh i'm tracked speaking
of planes that was a part of a clever
segue speaking of planes jeff went on to
play somewhere jeff what happened
when you were there
jeff what a great segue uh i had
i had a fantastic vacation that's what i
is what i tried yeah
god damn uh i uh well let's start at the
top man hands okay so that's an insight
i went to uh i went to uh this place in
mexico that i go um i'm just gonna sit
back
first trip out of the states in a while
uh and there's this little island it's
it's the easternmost point of mexico
it's called isla mujeres and i i go
there
uh fairly regularly i mean not since the
pandemic obviously but um so this is my
first trip out uh the girlfriend and i
and two of our grown-up non-rooster
teeth friends a couple all went together
um
and we met some other grown up non-rich
tooth friends
uh so it's like six couples uh and uh
anyway so i went for a week and it's a
really cool it's a really cool little
island it's like it's only about five
miles long and there's not really any
cars on it so when you get there you
like have to take a ferry to get there
and when you get there you run a golf
cart and you just drive around and swim
and eat fun food and it's just really
charming and great and drive golf carts
it's awesome it's fun anyway so uh they
have massages on the beach and uh i try
to get a massage every day while i'm
there because they're super cheap and
they're really good massages every day
yeah one a day like go swimming in the
morning uh eat some lunch at the beach
go swim a little bit more then go get
like a knock out like an hour long
massage and then go back and get ready
for dinner right but surely by like day
five you're like okay i've done this
yeah i've done it well trying to get one
every day doesn't mean getting one every
day i would say in the six days i was
there i probably got four
that's still a lot good
dude it doesn't feel like a lot i could
have used another six or seven uh i got
a lot of stress in this body buddy uh
it's gonna it takes those people a while
to work it out anyway so i've been doing
this for a long time it's it's like open
air and it's breezy and you're like
smelling the ocean and you've got the
way it's just really relaxing and uh i
had something it came up that's just
never come up before in my entire life
which is we roll up on the first day
uh and it's uh emily and i both could
get our massages and it's always two
ladies but this time it was a dude and a
lady and that's happened before too but
always like i i don't i don't know if
these are like unspoken rules or
whatever but the lady always massages me
and the dude always massages emily right
i've never been massaged by a guy before
in my life and this time the guy was
like let's go
so i'm like okay cool i've never had a
massage by a guy before i wonder if it's
any different at all you know so i lay
down and we get to work and i realized
that men are superior to women in every
way
i melted in that man's hands
i felt
i fe i was he worked out every sore
muscle and every every ounce of stress
in my entire body with his strong
masculine hands
i was a puddle i felt safe and secure i
was i didn't want to leave that bed dude
i i thought about that massage all night
and then the next day i went back and i
was like where's the guy and he wasn't
there but there was a different guy so i
got the different guy i'm never there's
my insight i'm never getting massaged by
a a woman with tiny woman hands ever
again for the rest of my life sorry
women i'm off limits i only want
beefy strong sausage fingers dudes on me
it was amazing and i recommend every
dude go out and get a massage by a dude
who's tougher than you immediately so i
guess two things immediately for me
i'm i'd i've never gotten a massage in
my life but i've known this to be a
thing you want the the the male massager
it's just it's a deeper that's more
strength more hand strength that's just
the thing i know so it's shocking to me
sounds like your real massage enthusiast
that you weren't aware of this second
thing and most important detail at what
day did you get the massage from the guy
uh
how many massages in were you it was the
first massage
this was on day two i didn't get a
massage day one so this also explains
jeff's sudden pursuit of massages every
single day yeah like it increases
nothing
yeah he is i've seen the light and he
now needs it as much as he possibly can
get it that's why you're going there
every day and and i'll be honest the
second dude wasn't as good as the first
dude but he was still really good and it
was still amazing but i still am
thinking about the first guy a little
bit and i wish i could remember his name
yeah
he rocked my world
and i'm not afraid to admit it i'm sure
you could just ask for a firmer massage
from anywhere i asked for firm massages
it's different i'm telling you there's
hand size there's like this raw i don't
know how else to describe it i've had a
million massages in my life i've had
deep tissue massages i've had
therapeutic massages i've had all kinds
of different massages it was just
different so are you telling me that if
you went and got one this week you got a
woman masseuse
i guess that's redundant um and then you
ask for like as firm as she's got are
you saying it wouldn't come close i
don't know i'm just saying i've never
experienced massages like the four three
i got a woman the last day so three of
the four massages were men and i've
never experienced massages like the
three that i got from men i think there
are obviously going to be exceptions to
that that exists absolutely
generally speaking there's probably it's
just you know it's a guys would have
more hand strength i'd assume i've had a
few in my time um well yeah but the same
though always
always women
but i had one in japan
and it was way too firm it
she hurt me so much
i would have paid again at the end
to have just gone back in time and not
done it yeah it wasn't about pain it
wasn't like he like it was it's hard to
scream it's not like there was just like
a strength there and i i don't know how
else to describe it but i wasn't saying
like the guy hurt me any more than the
women do or anything i've had some
painful massages from women it was just
like
just a different vibe with a dude i
don't know but i'm into it
and super into it yeah little revelation
maybe yeah
i i recommend you do my friend please
give a scouting report back gavin i'd
love to i i can't i'm too ticklish for
massages i'd love to get one two
ticklish they're not like
yeah they're not tickling anybody no
i'm super ticklish like doesn't even
matter i don't trust myself it would be
a disaster i wonder if they would charge
you more though because as you've once
said you're all back so that potentially
is more back it would be exhausting for
them and it would be stressful for me
try not to laugh it'd be a terrible
experience
oh eric says jeff is right interest ah
thanks eric appreciate it you're right
i've had massages from both and i prefer
i prefer uh male masseuse yeah it's just
it's it's deeper
i feel like it's deeper tissue and a
firmer hold deeper there's just
something to do it's way deeper
they're getting in there
the end men just
i'll say like this i've learned men know
how to touch men
i'm just surprised andrew's never got
one oh no i'm too ticklish
[Laughter]
i just feel like there are places where
i'm ticklish but during a massage
they're not they're not tickling me oh
i'm super you don't understand the level
of ticklishness that i got going on over
here it is a real problem i'm super
ticklish and i just don't want to risk
it i don't want to roll those dice
because it was just a nightmare your
body is just so unbalanced by the sounds
of you've got the strongest nose in the
world but the most ticklish back yeah
yeah you're just lopsided ticklish
everywhere so is your nose
i bet you you know what if you if you
got someone in there who knew what they
were doing in the tickling game
i would i'd probably laugh yeah probably
it probably thicker what does that mean
i don't know i know i'm saying i don't
know the nose tickling technique but if
you get a real tickling enthusiast in
there that knows their way around i'm
sure that they'd get me but that's the
whole point
the the masseurs and masseuses aren't
gonna
tickle you no but it's a mental thing
it's just something about the process i
don't know i'm super tick i'm just it's
more of a paranoia thing too of if if i
don't want to risk that what if i am
ticklish in that way because then what
do i do it's just a terrible scenario
all right
[Applause]
we all shop online and we've all seen
that promo code field taunt us at
checkout enter me in for a discount what
you don't have a discount you don't know
anybody who hands out discounts sorry
not anymore though because thanks to
honey manually searching for coupon
codes or waiting for some coupon fairy
to give them to you is a thing of the
past honey is the free shopping tool
that scours the internet for promo codes
and applies the best one it finds to
your cart honey supports over 30 000
stores online which range from sites
that have tech or gaming products to
fashion brands or food delivery or in my
case it was a stand-up paddleboard
recently you get the idea tons and tons
of variety here's how it works imagine
you're shopping on one of your favorite
sites and when you go to checkout the
honey button drops down and all you have
to do is click apply coupons you wait a
couple seconds honey searches for
coupons all around the internet and
probably some secret internets and maybe
some space internets then if it finds a
working coupon it'll apply and you will
watch the prices drop
[Music]
savings
honey saved us i don't remember now uh
but it was a pretty significant amount
on two stand-up paddleboards that we
bought and uh let my girlfriend she's a
big honeyer and i was about to hit the
button and she was like no use honey
remember and i was like oh right and so
i did and we saved a ton of money and
it's not just us honey has found its
over 17 million members more than two
billion dollars in savings so if you
don't already have honey you could be
straight up missing out on free savings
it is literally free and installs in a
few seconds and by getting it you'll be
doing yourself a solid and supporting
this podcast i'd never recommend
something i don't use get honey for free
at joinhoney.com face that's
joinhoney.com
face
what is hellofresh well let me tell you
with hellofresh you get fresh
pre-measured ingredients and
mouth-watering seasonal recipes
delivered right to your door so you can
skip trips to the grocery store and
count on hello fresh to make home
cooking easy fun and affordable those
are the big three right there the efa we
call them easy fun and affordable and
that's why it's america's number one
meal kit because of efa hello fresh cuts
out stressful meal planning and grocery
store trips with less prep less effort
and minimal cleanup so you can enjoy
cooking and get dinner on the table in
just about 30 minutes and i don't know
about you but my life is busy to the
degree that 30 minutes is about all i
can spare so it's perfect and there's so
much variety you can choose from 50 menu
and market items each week from
vegetarian meals to craft burgers to
more crap maybe you just want to get a
week's worth of craft burgers if you're
me that's an option but if you don't you
can get extra special gourmet options as
well there's something for everyone to
enjoy all the recipes are designed and
tested by professional chefs and
nutritional experts to ensure
deliciousness and simplicity and
hellofresh offers the flexibility you
need to easily customize your order on
the app within just minutes you can
easily change your delivery day your
food preferences your plan size or even
skip a week whenever you need to also
this summer hellofresh has everything
you need to get grilling i know it's
august but the summer's not over it's
hotter than ever and when it's hot
people want to eat sizzling meat they
have grilling bundles they have burger
packs and surf and turf packs it's a
grilling extravaganza get 14 free meals
including free shipping with code face
14 at hellofresh.com
face 14 so go to hellofresh.com
face 14 and use code face 14 for up to
14 free meals plus free shipping better
get to grilling and sizzling
that's man hands all right that's man
hands the next one is open water now
this is the big one this one and purple
nightmare are the big ones i think we
may have to wait till next episode for
purple nightmare though all right i i'm
going to start this with a preface i'm
going to preface this by saying i am
still
reeling a little bit from how poorly i
told the horse story and have received a
lot of criticism in my personal life
from people
about it that are more familiar with the
story and i feel a particular fear uh in
regards to this story because it's not
just my story i was one of four people
that experienced this hell
so would you want to write it out
no i have i have notes i apologize in
advance to emily and joey and tamara if
i don't do the story justice i am really
sorry
it's a lot it's a it's a mouthful it's a
lot to figure out and everybody because
i've heard the story repeated about 100
times over the last week
everybody has
different parts that matter to them
right and so if i don't cover the part
that matters to you the most i apologize
but it wasn't the part that mattered to
me the most okay so for the sake of your
storytelling do you want us just to
listen instead of ask questions no no
you can ask questions just do this like
normal all right okay now uh while we
well first off let me say uh i i would
like to tell you i had i woke up with a
nightmare
the night before this happened and i had
a conversation with emily i can't tell
you what that conversation is yet
because it'll spoil the story but i'll
tell you at the end if you remind me
come back to it okay it's non-linear
nonlinear while we were in mexico
uh we wanted to we decided to go
snorkeling uh i will also say that i
have been snorkeling quite a few times
in my life been snorkeling in the ocean
a few times been snorkeling at this very
island isla mujeres before
consider myself uh
familiar with the snorkeling as a
concept and uh fairly experienced in it
so
previously i had snorkeled we'd done
some reefs like a you know a wreath and
we'd done like an underwater museum that
they have out there that's really cool
and uh this time there were a lot of
advertisements to go snorkeling with
whale sharks so we started to look into
it and it seemed like this really cool
opportunity i guess once a year whale
sharks come they they typically live uh
i don't know a couple hundred feet below
water they're sharks not whales so they
don't have to come up for oxygen uh but
they and they have giant mouths but they
their mouths don't open they can't have
teeth so they they can only eat plankton
so they're not dangerous right and about
once a year they will come up at this
spot in the ocean where the gulf coast
and the and the i guess the
pacific ocean or atlantic ocean meat or
the oceans off mexico and uh i guess
it's like it's like a feeding frenzy for
them and there'll be hundreds out there
eating at the surface and manta rays too
and supposedly it's a really cool unique
thing and so there were a lot of
advertisements to go
uh snorkeling with with the whale sharks
and we had had such a positive
experience snorkeling there previously
that we were like hey let's do that
let's all do that and so
the whole big group of us were gonna go
two people backed out so it ended up
just being me and emily and our other
two friends
the thing i liked about it is that
it's it's it's like a weird thing to to
go snorkeling with like animals and i
was a little worried about like is is
this appropriate and they were like yeah
it's like it's really uh
ecologically minded they wouldn't let us
wear sunscreen at all because the
sunscreen could irritate
or affect the food or the whale sharks
in some negative way so we had to wear
like we had to go and buy like full body
like wetsuit kind of deals because it
was like this you know a thousand
degrees in the sun and it's like a
four-hour tour right
very similar very similar to gilligan's
island
so we get there and
this lady comes out the lady who we
bought the tour from we're sitting on
the on like right out right on the beach
there right in front of the boat and she
comes up and she we talked to her for
about 15 minutes she gives us the
rundown and we're like all right let's
get to it and she goes oh oh yeah no let
me introduce you to the captain i'm not
i'm not the one that does it i just
coordinate it and we're like okay so
then this captain comes out and he gives
us a spiel about like he's really funny
and engaging and he's really well versed
and they explain to us that it's you
know we're in their territory so we have
to be respectful and he explains like
all the different scenarios where we
could annoy a whale shark and how to
avoid it you know he's got all these
little funny clips like quips like uh
you know how like when you're eating at
a picnic and flies are buzzing around
while you're trying to eat your lunch
though you're the flies so be respectful
yada yada and it's all really good
information and uh and we can only go in
like two people at a time so like you
know the other couple will go in and
when they come out we'll go in because
we don't want to overwhelm the whale
sharks it's all designed with being
really respectful to the whale sharks in
their environment which i think is
pretty cool
and so he's like alright you guys ready
and we're like yeah let's go and then
we're like point us to the boat and he
goes oh no no i'm not taking you these
other guys are taking you and at this
point i think well that's a little weird
i'm on my third person and
surely at some point i'm going to talk
to the person that's going to take us
out right so he takes us out to this he
actually just points to the boat and uh
we go out there and there's these two
dudes on it uh like a captain and like a
diver dude right but was the first guy a
captain he was like the head of the
company i guess he was a captain yeah so
anyway these guys we get there we get on
the boat and it becomes apparent these
guys don't speak a lot of english uh and
you know why would they they're hispanic
and they're in mexico right and so
there's a bit of a language barrier off
the uh at the get-go which is fine you
know we make it work no big deal
so we get in the boat and it's you know
it's not a big boat it's like one of
those little boats you'd see off the
coast
i don't know a lot about boats but it's
got two little twin uh yamaha 150
engines on the back that's very
important two twin yamaha 150 engines
boy does that become a big deal
uh and uh you know it's one of those
boats it probably holds about 12 people
it's just seats all the way around it's
not super fast and it's covered with
like a tarp at the top you know like a
nice tarp
and so
they're like okay
uh oh by the way i should mention one
thing that gave me pause is
in the previous
instructions from the first captain who
i thought was going to be taking us out
he mentioned that we were going about 50
miles
off the coast in oklahoma
wow yeah
50 miles
into the
ocean 50 miles and i thought that's
that's a lot further than i thought it
would be and he goes yeah it's going to
take about 45 minutes to get out there
it takes about 45 minutes in these
little boats to get to go 50 miles
that's a fast boat yeah
and uh like 40 45 50 miles a summer it's
it's like it's it's not a exact science
right it's like wherever the whale
sharks are that day but it's a you know
he said it's about you know
70 to 85 kilometers or so which i in my
head is about 45 to 50 miles right i
think uh anyway it's pretty [__] far
out there so we hop in the boat and i'm
not i don't get seasick i'm not uneasy
about this i've been uh whale watching
before
the whole thing but they recommend we
take dramamine uh for nausea and so i'm
like [__] it i will yeah like why not
you know why why why tempt fate so i
take we all take our dramamine not that
i think it's gonna be an issue at all
then we take off
and we uh we start to go and after about
i don't know 15 minutes or so i realize
we're we're not going really fast
and i look over and the uh
the guy is like [__] with the with
the controls trying to get one of the
like one of the engines is pegged and
the other one is just like going back
and forth he's trying to and the other
guys back there kind of kicking it and
looking at it and uh we realize uh they
they start screwing we we slow down and
i'll say if we were going in fifth gear
like if this was a car we're going in
like third gear now and uh they're like
speaking to each other and i can't quite
understand it they seem agitated the
vibe starts to shift i'll i'll say that
the vibe
it just doesn't seem as pleasant as it
was and uh there is obviously a problem
with one of the engines
i could still see land we're like i said
15 minutes out we're like maybe 10
minutes out i can still see land so i'm
kind of not too worried but i'm also
like well we can just go back and
they're like
they kind of wave us off when we're like
do we need to you know
they're like
and uh they go back there and he's like
kicking the engine and he's like working
on it and we just keep going the other
guy just goes forward with one engine
while the other guy tries to fix the
first engine eventually he gives up and
we just go forward with one engine at
this point we're
30 40 minutes out and i'm like oh well
we've only got about 10 minutes before
we'll be at the 10 minutes 20 minutes
before we'll be at the the whale sharks
right
but i start to notice that boats come by
and they're passing us like we're
sitting still and uh and i realized
they're going way way way faster than us
because they're in fifth gear because
both of their engines work we're we're
going like third on one engine and uh
it's starting to get real bumpy in third
gear uh when you're going in fifth gear
you're cutting right through those waves
when you're going in third gear you are
not we are getting kind of battered
around like i'm starting to get a bruise
on the back of my lower back from
getting slammed into the back of the
boat over and over again and we're not
like nauseous or anything but it's not
pleasant right
we do that uh the 45 minute ride out to
the whale sharks ended up being a little
over an hour and a half
by the time we roll up i see the boats
out there we're all feeling pretty
pretty worn out like it's been a long
hour and a half getting blasted in the
sun with no sunscreen getting jostled
around going like we're bobbing like uh
[__] [__] because we're not
going that fast
we get out there
and
first off i thought this was going to be
this intimate experience there's 40
boats in the water and i don't know how
they're not slamming into each other
because this is open [__] ocean like
i i haven't seen land in an hour at this
point we are so far out there and i'm i
discover i'm not super cool with that
like i'm okay with it uh obviously we're
safe but it's weird to be in that small
of a boat that far away from
something from land right
and all these boats and it's getting rid
so there's all these boats like floating
around and i noticed that on on every
boat two or three people are hanging off
the boat just throwing up like i'm
probably watching i'm probably watching
20 people puke at the same time i like
that that there's no sunscreen but
you're allowed to just vomit all over
well i don't i don't i don't think they
had a choice dude there was no there's
no way to hold it in right and so uh
the waves are [__] huge too here and
then the guy comes over and he gives
there's not even a discussion of who's
getting the water yet he just gives
emily and i flippers and we brought our
own snorkels because we thought that'd
be the safest with kovan stuff and so he
the guy goes here put these on and so
we're like i'm like putting him on and
she's like putting hers on and before
the guy had given us the spiel the cat
the first captain had given a spiel when
you get in the water just look straight
down just look straight down there's no
whales above you the whale sharks are
gonna be below you uh you but you also
need to keep in mind where the boat is
where the diver is and where your
partner is at all times but also don't
look up only look down and i'm like well
that seems complicated
so and i'm interested to see how that's
going to work in practice so anyway he
gives us these i'm starting to just like
casually put a thing on and then the guy
screams go go now go now go go now and
emily and i are like what what and we're
not even sure if it's us and he's just
pointing at us going go now go now and
then he goes over and he he points to
him and he jumps in the water like we're
supposed to do and we're like ah and the
other guy's like duh now and we're like
uh and so we're like putting our
flippers on and we just drive jump into
the water right jump into a a huge
roiling ocean full of people and waves
and boats and my
my uh my snorkel flies off one of my uh
one of my fins flies off my foot and so
i'm like in open ocean trying to put my
[__] fin back on and trying to fit my
snorkel on while i'm bouncing around and
uh and like a wave will come up and i
can't see anything it's just i can't see
anybody and then the wave will crash
back down and i'll suddenly see 40 boats
and 100 people and it's [__] scary
and i'm like looking around so i just
start looking at the ground like looking
in in the ocean and all i just see is
blue just like hundreds of feet of blue
and nothing it's the scariest thing i've
ever seen and i'm like where are these
[__] whale sharks and then i'm like
oh i gotta look at emily i gotta look at
the guy right so i look up and emily's
over there so i like to try to grab her
hand and she grabs mine and then the
guy's like the guy's like hey and he's
like yelling at me and i'm like oh [__]
what and i don't understand what he's
saying he's like ah and he just starts
pointing he's like follow the photo and
i'm like that's why i just started
swimming and start swimming right and
start swimming and then he's like get
out of the boat and i'm like okay so
like they were like trying to get on the
[__] boat and the waves are crashing
i'm like slammed against the side of the
[__] boat and i eventually climb up
the ladder and by the time i get back in
the ladder we've been in the water for
45 seconds to a minute maybe i'm
exhausted emily looks like she just she
emily looks like she is [__] done and
we're both like what the [__] was that
and then i just hear chatter over the
radio going no whales no whale sharks no
well sharks and then we just start and
the guy's like no shark's here and then
we just take off and i'm like what the
[__]
and i look at emily and she goes what i
look at emily and she goes i'm not
getting back in the water and i go yeah
i know i i i will they'll go next
they'll go next and then we just start
going and we're just leaving all these
other boats behind and that actually
scares me because we're going off on our
own and all i can hear is chatter over
the radio of them saying like no whale
sharks here whatever so like we're going
to another location right but we're
going in third gear again and we're
going slow and at this point the dip
into the the terrifying dip into the
open ocean and then getting slammed
around and then slammed into the boat
and then back up in uh i'm i'm starting
to get a little
a little seasick at this point and we go
for
i want to say another
oh
30 or 40 minutes
further out into the ocean and
eventually uh i'm starting to wonder if
these guys are just taking us out to
dump us because there's nobody around
and it's scary and there's no
communication and they're they're
they're i can tell these guys are
getting more stressed by the boat oh i
should also point out i'm starting to
smell a lot when we got into the water
and we came back into the back of the
boat we're smelling a ton of gasoline
like it's a very intense smell of
gasoline at the back of the boat and
emily and i are like this no sunscreen
good i have a question no let's put in
the story am i supposed to know what the
hell happened back there uh back where
at the back of the world that would let
this like go now like
no that you don't know anything more
than i do
we go to the we go to the spot where the
whale sharks are we they scream at us to
jump in we jump in then they scream at
us to get out and then we just take off
and they're like there were no whale
sharks there and then eventually in that
30 minutes boats start slamming past us
again like we're standing still we get
to another location this time there's
about 20 boats the whole thing happens
again uh they like throw the stuff at
joey and tamara they're like you guys
get ready uh i should also point out at
some point that this is supposed to be a
luncheon ceviche where they perverse
prepare ceviche live in front of you and
they have gourmet sandwiches and [__] uh
not that i'm hungry at this point uh but
other people are and uh we we get out
there and
there it's even worse there and there's
less boats there and it's like the waves
are even worse and there's just like no
whale sharks and they're like no sharks
here we go again and
i think tamara goes no no that's enough
no we're not going to another location
we're good just take us back we're done
like we're two and a half hours into
this we've been getting slammed left and
right i'm [__] not feeling well emily
looks
like she's feeling terribly joey seems
fine uh he owns a boat and that then the
other girl tamara she lived on a yacht
for uh like like a sailboat for a couple
years not a yacht but a sailboat for a
couple years so like they're well-versed
sea people and joey's fine tamara looks
like she's not feeling great either and
so the guy's like he kind of shrugs and
it's like okay so we turn around and we
just start heading we think back we're
looking like we're looking on a compass
on our phone like yeah we're headed
towards land i guess this is the way and
it's we just start going a little bit
slower and a little bit slower and at
some point they throw sandwiches at us
and i open mine up and it's uh it's just
two pieces of like white bread with like
as as it was described if uh
it was one slice of ham sliced on a one
like it was like you could see through
it and there's just a shitload of
mayonnaise so the mayonnaise is a
non-starter for me right so i just i'm
like well i'm not gonna do that and then
i see the ceviche it's a literally a
five gallon like home depot
bucket just full of shrimp but i'm like
yeah it doesn't look appetizing either
just open shrimp in a five gallon bucket
so i'm like clearly i'm not eating on
this trip uh but i'm not super hungry
anyway
it's like bread and a bucket of chum
yeah bread in a bucket of chum is what
we're looking at and so
and there's no diet coke by the way
what's really that was the thing that
pissed me off they only had coke and
sprite no diet coke
and so uh so i'm just trying to drink a
sprite and i'm feeling really bad and
emily's i can tell feeling really bad
and we're now
45 minutes into the trip back
and the boat keeps going slower and i'd
say about
yeah about 45 minutes
uh i noticed that we're not really going
we just seem to be kind of uh kind of
floating
uh well i should i should go back i
should dial back to uh maybe about 20
minutes before this moment we're sitting
there and i'm rocking and uh and then i
realized i'm absolutely going to throw
up uh there was no way to hold it back
and so i run over to the side of the
boat and i throw up a good
five or six times huge vomit and is the
boat moving oh yeah so slowly but it is
moving
and i'm like
you know just this is [__]
ocean nausea vomiting right it's not
pretty it's a horrible sound oh henry's
here yeah that's right you [__] that
toy up
this story's the just the best i hope it
never ends
oh well we got a ways to go uh so uh i
turned back to look at emily because
she's like are you alright and she sees
me and she almost throws up in her mouth
and turns away and goes i can't look at
you i can't look at you and i'm like oh
my god what and i don't know i just like
him sitting there and uh and i sit there
for a while and emily's just like i
can't i can't i can't i can't look you
i'm gonna throw up i couldn't figure out
why i thought it was because i thrown
out over the ocean uh after a few
minutes like maybe about five minutes
after i calmed down i i
touched my face and i realized i'm cut
my face is covered in puke and emily
said later it looked like i drank a
cappuccino of vomit and it was just like
i had like a cappuccino mustache
of puke around you know and so i'm like
trying to wipe it off and you see water
and oh boy he's
henry
give it a break on the
octopus
god
oh yeah now settle in hunker down that's
good yeah he's getting cozy so he can
really is that different to the owl that
you usually have yeah he allows in the
other room this is okay this is puss
puss as we call it
uh a little blue octopus uh so
uh so uh
at this point i lay down and i'm like i
gotta go to sleep because i'm exhausted
and i start to fall asleep just laying
on the side of the boat like just
holding my tummy and i wake every time i
wake up as i'm falling to the floor or
my head is slamming back into the side
of the ocean from the waves right so now
so that's where i was for 20 minutes
eventually i'd get up and uh then i
realized that we're going really slow at
some point in this we're probably about
45 minutes into the return
and i look back there and i realize
neither engine is going and i hear the
guy trying to start it and trying to
start it and uh
and then for the next 30 minutes i can
only describe i can only say uh
i watched two men
try to get an
it took me a while to piece together
what was happening there was a lot of
yelling there was a lot of screaming on
the mic on the over the radio
i just keep hearing caliente caliente
over the radio caliente and i look and
then i realized i guess the other engine
the one that was working has overheated
from
from excessive use
and so the guy is literally standing on
the top of it trying to push it into the
ocean
to submerge it to cool it down
so now we're in a situation
where i think we're gonna die
we're probably gonna die i haven't seen
land in three hours
i've been beaten to hell banged around
uh uh for hours and hours i've got no
food in me the only food available is
slathered in mayonnaise and chum
and i got a i got a i got a half a
sprite to my name
and uh
and this guy's trying to trying to
submerge the boat to save the engine you
know essentially
and so they eventually work out a system
where we'll they drive for a few minutes
really slowly if we were in third gear
before we're in first gear now which by
the way first gear and ocean open ocean
you don't go forward it's like you you
kind of go in whatever direction the
ocean tells you to go with a little bit
of zeal you know just a little gusto in
that direction so we're just getting
we're going left we're going right we're
going back occasionally forward very
rarely or we go we're certainly not
going in a straight line and we're not
going anywhere right
and every once in a while the engine
will conk out and then we'll
it'll be too caliente and they'll be
like trying to cool it down and then
after a few minutes they'll like
get started again and then we'll go for
a few more minutes and then it'll it'll
stop and we're like what is going on
how long till we get back and the guy
goes 30 minutes and i'm like there's no
[__] way we're going to be back in 30
minutes we're not we're hours away from
land at this point i don't even know
that we're headed in the right [__]
direction uh it's brutal and then sure
enough about 30 minutes later two boats
show up on the horizon
and i mean i'm thinking about writing
like writing my goodbyes at this point
like i don't know what else to do we're
just getting slammed left and right i'm
beyond nauseous
joey seems fine like he's having a great
day emily looks like she wants to die
just tucking into the chum he's fine
he's fine he's happy he doesn't get
seasick he's uh he's loving life right
tamara's doing
she i found out later it was to keep
herself from from vomiting she was doing
new york times crossword puzzles on her
phone which i don't know how you i don't
know how that kept her from vomiting
because any time i made any time i
focused on anything it made me want to
vomit uh anyway two boats show up on the
horizon and we're like
what's this and they're like
one of the boats and the guys aren't
talking to us they're in a bad bad mood
and we're in a bad mood and i can tell
this has been very stressful on them
probably not as stressful as it's been
on us but maybe ignorance is bliss i
don't know how close to dead we are
right this other boat full of it's
another whale watching to whale shark
watching tour full boat right it gets a
little close to us
and the guy turns to us and he goes uh
they're gonna take you back and we're
like oh so we're gonna get on that boat
and he goes yeah and i go how and he
goes go go now go down i'm gonna go what
what and he goes go down get in the
ocean go now and we're like what our
stuff and he goes don't worry about it
go down i've got your stuff and we're
like what and we all dive into the ocean
and then we have to swim through these
giant waves and crazy with no flippers
on or anything just like i got my hat on
my clothes i'm like i just [__] swim
barely to get to beat slam against this
other boat which is way too far away i
get there pull ourselves up get on the
boat right no idea what just happened
look back and i'm like all our stuff's
on that boat and then i see i see all of
our [__] just flying through the air
from one boat to another they're just
chucking it at us right just like there
goes my bag there goes emily's bag there
goes somebody's hat and i realized oh my
god my phone and my wallet are in my
[__] there's my shoes through my shoes
30 feet in the air over open ocean with
my phone and my [__] wallet in it i
[__] run up there there we didn't
lose anything but i was like i was like
i couldn't believe it dude it was the
most horrific thing i've ever seen is
like just all of our [__] like puckling
exploding on the ground on the boat
right
then those guys
the boat we're on where they like they
like sit down we sit down for a second
then we just take off and those guys as
far as i know they're still there
we just left them that we just left them
bobbing in the ocean and we
assaulted some other crews right so then
we're on this other cruise it becomes
very quickly very apparent very quickly
nobody on this boat speaks english
either the people on the cruise are from
somewhere in eastern europe and then the
boat captain and stuff there and so
they're like all the seats in the back
they communicate to us all the seats in
the back are full you're gonna have to
sit up front we're like yeah okay why
nobody who cares whatever we're just
happy to sit so we sit up front and then
they crank this thing into fifth gear
suddenly we're going
nausea goes away immediately like a
light switch we start cutting through
the waves
but the reason nobody wanted to sit up
front is because every wave we get
drenched i'm talking torrential like 17
buckets of 17 5 gallon buckets of water
thrown in your face all at once which is
quite refreshing uh after everything
else and then we just rock it back just
drenched from head to toe
but the nausea is gone i couldn't be
happier i'm just i'm just my i'm smiling
from ear to ear uh so much i'm just
swallowing gallons of salt water because
i don't even care because it's just
slamming me in the face like a [__] it's
like a movie i can imagine you seeing
like hope you see all the things that
are good in life and you just you
picture a nice set of man hands waiting
for you
to get the biggest [__] massage
and uh so then we we start to pull back
up to isla mujeres and i we put two and
two together on their tour it goes to a
a sandbar by the beach but the previous
tour we had done this as well where you
go to this like sandbar off the coast
where the water is really brewing pretty
and then people go swimming and then so
we get there and we dot like they throw
down the anchor and they're like okay
they communicate we're gonna be here for
about 15 minutes go swimming relax then
we'll cook up some fresh ceviche for you
and then we'll take you guys back to
cancun and we're like hey
uh i swimming is the last thing on earth
i want to [__] do right now b
i won't be eating again anytime soon and
see did you say cancun and they're like
yeah yeah this this charter goes to
cancun
and i'm like no no no we're here on this
island take us to a dock on this island
and he's like no we don't we don't go to
a dock on this island we dock in cancun
and i'm like yeah yeah but we're already
here and cancun is a 35 it's 35 miles
that way and then when we get to cancun
we have no way to get back so then we'll
have to figure out how to get from your
dock to the ferry and then we'll have to
the ferry only runs every 30 minutes so
we'll have to buy tickets and then we'll
have to take a ferry all the way back to
where we are right now so if you could
just take us to a dock and the guy's
like now now you can swim and then we'll
take you back to cancun
so i'm like [__] this and [__] you i
look at the guys and i'm like we're
swimming in and they're like what and i
grab i look it looks like i can stand i
grab all of our stuff i give joey the
rest of it because the girls aren't tall
enough they jump in the water i jump i i
jump in the water with all the stuff on
my head i like all of our bags and shoes
and everything on her head wait how far
out are you uh
i mean like a couple hundred
300 feet
maybe
it's a sandbar it's a long walk but it
but i hit the water and i i feel a sting
on my finger as i hit the water and i'm
like getting off the off the stairs uh
off the boat and i'm like ah [__] but i
can't see anything because my hand is
you know my hands are above my head like
i'm you know i'm going down to the
watering hole to fill up the watering
can and then i'm walking it back up to
the village right on top of my head with
all of our [__] and the water is just
about to my chin and joe's a little bit
taller than me so about the same the
girls have to swim and we very very
slowly walk onto the beach holding
everything amidst all of these like
sunbathers and people playing beach
volleyball and jet skis
you came from yeah and we're like we
look like refugees you know just coming
in from open ocean a bit like a long
walk in and we get to the beach and i
[__] put that stuff on the ground for
a second and i'm like oh my god and i
look at my hand and my hand is covered
in blood
and i'm like
my left finger i see on my left finger
where my uh on my pinky finger the area
like to the left of the nail i guess it
got caught on the stairs and it's just
ripped a gash open where like a giant
chuck on my flesh is pulled open and
it's just shooting blood out and i'm
like ah [__] so i'm like i'm not getting
stitches or anything right and so i just
like i eventually get a a band-aid and
put it on and uh and then i have to deal
with that for the rest of the trip
but then we just [__] take a cab from
that point we just walk up to a cab take
a cab back to the dock get in our golf
cart and go home uh now the thing that i
didn't mention uh that i couldn't tell
you is i woke up that night the morning
of that trip at three in the morning
with a nightmare and emily happened to
wake up too and she goes what's wrong
and i go i have a nightmare i had a
nightmare was really serious and she
goes well it was your nightmare and i
dreamed we were out on the boat and we
got stuck like open water and there was
nobody to rescue us and we were just
floating there forever and then
eventually we died and she's like well
that's not going to happen go back to
bed
so there was this like underlying
tension did you ever like give each
other little looks
yeah the whole trip the whole the whole
time yeah
yeah nobody wanted to mention it
now
so i think i did it okay there i hope i
covered that properly oh and i don't
know if it's if
it's been apparent at any point but at
no point
in this six it was over six hours seven
hours
did i see a whale shark
i would love to see like the gps path on
a on a map of where the hell you went
i'd love to know like at what point was
the gps tracking a phone in a shoe
flying 30 feet between two oh my god
dude there was
about
an hour where i thought we were gonna
die and about 30 minutes in the middle
of that where i wanted it
i was just so
nauseous and unhappy and just beat to
hell from the sun
and just and starving but nauseous
yeah we didn't get a refund
they wouldn't give us a refund
oh
what a disaster how many days in was
that to your trip that was day three of
seven i think or something okay so nice
in the middle yeah
what a bonding experience though yeah
yeah we all i mean we
we
we bonded over tragedy dude i'm telling
you
having to having a guy scream go go now
when you are not ready to get an open
ocean and swim 30 feet to another boat
and not sure what's supposed to happen
when you get there is not a fun
experience i just don't understand how
whenever there are instructions for you
to like get in the sea or get in the
boat or switch boats why was it always
so frantic we don't know i i don't know
don't i just don't know i don't know i i
don't know i i i wish i could tell you
but i'll tell you this we've all agreed
nobody was up for it by the end of this
trip so exhausted but we're all getting
go go now tattoos because that's all we
said to each other for the rest of the
trip go go now anytime anything you want
to go you want to go get dinner don't go
now
because
it was
i will hear that on my deathbed go go
now i'll never forget that man those two
men screaming
those two times
the way that they were screaming that i
was hard expecting
like a an out of control boat with no
brakes just coming hurtling towards you
and he was like
jump out yeah
i'm starting to wonder it's like what
was the boat gonna catch fire any second
like were we expecting as we were as we
were boat as we were like [__]
speeding away i kept waiting to see if
there was like a little little mushroom
cloud behind me you know
uh like i don't know if they were just
like the guys would just stress the [__]
out because they were also 40 or 50
miles out into open ocean with a boat
that didn't work and they didn't know
how to get back or what but and they
couldn't fix it but god [__] damn it
dude that was not the place to be and it
was not a fun experience and i
not the place to be for the whale sharks
apparently either no yeah yeah and i'm
i'm kind of glad i didn't see him
because what was it felt gross when we
were out there there's like a ton of
people in the water there's a million
boats and people are throwing up lots of
kind of feelings
if i was a whale shark i wouldn't come
within a thousand miles of this [__] you
know so how long were you in the water
uh i was in the water for about a minute
going from
one end of the boat to the other while
the guys screamed no sharks here no
sharks here and then uh and then i was
in the water for the
for the uh for the daring mid ocean
rescue maybe
90 seconds to maybe take 90 seconds so
the rescue is longer than the whale
shark experience yes the rescue was
longer than the whale shark experience
and there wasn't a whale shark
experience for joey and tamara they
never got in the water so their their
experience was only the rescue
experience
and then the
45 minutes of just getting of having
somebody spray a garden hose in your
face on the way home
oh it sounds so miserable it's terrible
that's horrendous a great jeff vacation
honestly yeah
yeah they're never they're rarely boring
uh and i realized we're out of right
about an hour uh that was only the first
two of my one two three four five six
things
so let me hit you up with backpack real
fast this is a quick one
uh we're coming up coming home from
mexico uh trip home all kinds of [__]
up global entry isn't working right well
the passport isn't working right i get
it it's like
coveted issues right but so it was kind
of a stressful trip home you know what
it's like coming in going through
immigration all that stuff we finally
get there we land in dallas we land in
uh gavin you know we land in d24 and i
gotta go to
b
seven or something right get some
skyrail so it's like five stops on the
skyrail so we get up uh emily and i are
both exhausted we just missed the
skyrail she's like i'm gonna go sit on
that bench and wait for the next one so
she goes over and sits on the bench i'm
like [__] it i'll go sit next to her i
go sit next door too immediately the the
thing shows up so we walk over get on it
go one stop two stops three stops fourth
stop fifth stop we get off i go to get
up i go to grab my bag
i don't have a bag
[Laughter]
where the [__] is my backpack
oh my god i think i did i leave it on
the park bench it's the only thing that
makes sense so i look at emily we have
17 minutes for our flight boards i'm
like i got to go back i just run out of
the sky tram across the hallway to the
other one hop on the other one go the
five slowest scariest stops back
bolt out of that thing my backpack's
just sitting there waiting for me
completely and totally ignored by
everybody else on the airport i cannot
believe it i got it back i had my
driver's license in it it had my wallet
it had all of my money it had my laptop
it had my passport it had my phone it
had everything in it so where was this
like right right by the sky was the sky
like right by there or was it like
downstairs no upstairs in the sky link i
think it's the only thing that saved me
is no security or anybody's ever [__]
around in the skylink right because
nobody's ever in there yeah it's usually
you stand
so there's nobody there's never a chance
for people to mill around and notice it
so i think that was the only thing that
saved it and but uh yeah it was like to
me like maybe 10 12 minutes to get back
and it was there and that's the end of
my vacation i'm blown away that was
still there a bat and a loose
backpacking airport doesn't last long no
no it does not but the gods were smiling
on me
the joy of your vacation wasn't the
events that happened it's the things
that didn't and the tragedy of the other
experiences that's the only choice
outside of manhance that sounds like it
was a great time but beyond that you're
just avoiding tragedy or is the
highlight of your vacation oh i never
want to go anywhere with you oh yeah i i
don't blame you i don't blame you how
the [__] did that happen dude how did i
get an out i have 50 miles in the ocean
on a tiny little like gilligan's island
like the skipper's boat and gilligan's
island is massive compared to this dinky
little thing we were on and we were out
there for [__] floating around for
like seven hours
when it was all said and done it's a
terrifying experience i've been out on a
pretty small boat you know far enough
away that you can't see any land where
like your phone's not working there's no
signal it is uh it's scary because you
realize
not a lot of stuff has to go wrong and
you're in serious like life-threatening
trouble yeah one one thing has to go
wrong a hole
that's it
how how long would you have had to have
spent out there for you to eat the ham
and mayo
i don't think i could have ever eaten
again i i was
i have never experienced nausea like
that and i and i'm not a knock i realize
i just got nauseous on roller coasters
like three weeks ago in florida or a
month in florida but that had way more
to do with like particular stresses in
my life and the trip than the roller
coaster i think uh but i have i have
i wouldn't say i have like an iron
stomach by any means but i don't get
nauseous i don't get seasick and i have
never in my life experienced
discomfort like that
i would do just about anything to never
feel that way oh
amazing
absolutely amazing so real relaxing
vacation came back totally recharged and
ready to re-tackle life
i would have said based on our last
recordings that you needed the vacation
i don't think you needed that vacation i
i also don't think i needed that
vacation
uh or at least not that that portion of
it and dude
we're not gonna get into it now because
we're about to end this [__] but we'll
start up the i'm gonna get a drink and
then we'll start it up and then i'll
tell you all the other [__] i have
happened today
i can't wait today
all right let's wrap it up let's get
let's get straight to the next one all
right this has been a face production
thanks for [__] your face for the
last hour
[__] you next week i feel like in in
this recording uh andrew and i were the
uh the first engine that broke down and
jeff was the one that had to do all the
work oh my god dude it's amazing oh my
god why didn't they turn around
we knew there was a problem ten minutes
into this seven hour hell journey why
didn't they turn around i just keep
thinking about what was happening in my
life while you're experiencing that like
was i just preheating a pizza like what
mundane uneventful thing and then just
cut to a guy yelling at you go now go go
go
go die
oh my god he's scratching my ass
watching a movie
oh by the way uh i feel like we should
mention um
we uh
we do have a youtube channel now and all
these are are on youtube if you ever
want to listen on youtube as everybody
loves to do to audio podcasts but we
also put the brake show up there so if
you ever want to watch the brake show
and you couldn't figure out how to
navigate the rouge teeth site you can do
it on youtube are we putting the old
episodes up i don't know i don't know uh
i guess at some point we should
i think
yeah yeah they're doing pretty well but
uh i've had a lot of people ask me if
it's the official channel and or if it's
like somebody ripping us off and no
nobody wants to rip us off it is us
we're ripping ourselves off
all right see you next time all right
love you guys see you next week bye
[Music]